---
number headings: auto, first-level 2, max 6, contents ^top, skip ^skipped, start-at 1, _.1.1
---

# 2009-Text 4

## 1 Paragraph


| 单词                   | 拓展                                                                                                                                 |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| thorought adj.彻底的    | through 穿过                                                                                                                         |
| minister n.大臣；部长；牧师  |                                                                                                                                    |
| intellect n.才华；学识；才学 | intellectual adj.才华的；学识的<br>letter n.字母<br>literary adj.文学的<br>civilization n.文明<br>civil adj.平民的<br>city n.城市<br>civilian n.平民；公民 |
|                      |                                                                                                                                    |

### 1.1 Sentence


The most thoroughly studied intellectuals in the history ofthe New World are the ministers and political leaders ofseventeenth-century New England.
- 在新世界的历史中，被研究的最彻底的文化，是十七世纪新英格兰的模式以及政治领袖的这种文化

### 1.2 Sentence

*According* to the standard history *of* American philosophy, nowhere else in colonial America **was** “So much importance *attached* to intellectual pursuits." 
- 根据

### 1.3 Sentence

According to many books and articles, New England'sleaders established the basic themes and preoccupations of anunfolding, dominant Puritan tradition in American intellectuallife.

## 2 Paragraph

To take this approach to the New Englanders normallymeans to start with the Puritans’ theological innovations and theirdistinctive ideas about the church-important subjects that we maynot neglect. But in keeping with our examination of southernintellectual life, we may consider the original Puritans as carriersofEuropean culture, adjusting to New World circumstances. 

## 3 Paragraph

The New England colonies were the scenes ofimportant episodes inthe pursuit of widely understood ideals of civility and virtuosityThe early settlers of Massachusetts Bay included men ofimpressive education and influence in England. Besides theninety or so learned ministers who came to Massachusetts churchin the decade afer 1629,There were political leaders like John Winthrop, an educated gentleman, lawyer, and official of theCrown before he journeyed to Boston. There men wrote andpublished extensively, reaching both New World and Old Worldaudiences, and giving New England an atmosphere of intellectuaearnestness

## 4 Paragraph

We should not forget , however, that most New Englanderswere less well educated, While few craftsmen or farmers, letalone dependents and servants, left literary compositions to beanalyzed, it is obvious that their views were less fully intellectualized. Their thinking often had a traditionasuperstitions quality. A tailor named John Dane, who emigratedin the late 1630s,left an account ofhis reasons for leaving England that is filled with signs. Sexual confusion, economicfrustrations, and religious hope-all came together in a decisivemoment when he opened the Bible, told his father the first line hesaw would settle his fate, and read the magical words: “'come oufrom among them, touch no unclean thing , and I will be youGod and you shall be my people.” One wonders what Danethought of the careful sermons explaining the Bible that he heard in puritan churches.

## 5 Paragraph

Meanwhile, many settlers had slighter religiouscommitments than Dane's, as one clergyman learned inconfronting folk along the coast who mocked that they had notcome to the New world for religion . “Our main end was to catchfsh.“


