---
number headings: auto, first-level 2, max 6, 1.1
---
# 2010-1-Text 3


## 1 Paragraph

| 单词                                                                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| epidemic n.流行<br>pandemic n.流行病                                            | tiny adj.微小的【mini-】<br>minority n.少数<br>majority n.多数<br>majestic adj.至高无上的<br>majesty n.王权；权威<br>magnificent adj.宏伟的；华丽的<br>magnify v.放大<br>    magnify gender differences 放大性别差异<br>mass adj.大量的<br>massive adj.大量的<br>maximize v.最大化<br>maximum n.最大值 |
| inform v.通知<br>information n.信息<br>informative adj.博学的<br>informed adj.博学的 | persuade v.劝说<br>persuasive adj.有说服力的<br>induce v.劝导<br>indulge v.沉迷；纵然；放任<br>overindulge v.溺爱<br>self-indulgent adj.任性的                                                                                                                                 |
| intuition n.直觉<br>intuitive adj.直觉的<br>conscious adj.意识的<br>               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

### 1.1 Sentence

*In* his book The Tipping Point, Malcolm Gladwell **argues** ==that== "social epidemics"**are driven** *in* large part *by* the actions *of* a tiny minority *of* special individuals, often *called* influentials, ==who== **are** unusually informed, persuasive, or well connected.
- 在 MG的书《引爆点》中，他认为社会流行趋势很大趋势，很大程度上是被少数群体的微小的少数行为，所驱动，这些人通常被称为有影响力的人，他们通常博学，有说服力或人际关系好的人
- 特殊群体的特殊行为驱动了社会流行趋势



### 1.2 Sentence


The idea *is intuitively* compelling, but it **doesn’t explain** ==how== ideas actually **spread**.
- 这个观点直觉来看是有说服力的，但是这个观点没有解释清楚这种流行趋势是如何传播的



## 2 Paragraph

The supposed importance of influentials derives from aplausible-sounding but largely untested theory called the “two-step flow of communication”:Information flows from the mediato the influentials and from them to everyone else.Marketershave embraced the two-step flow because it suggests that if theycan just find and influence the influentials,those select peoplewill do most of the work for them.The theory also seems toexplain the sudden and unexpected popularity of certain looks,brands,or neighborhoods.In many such cases,a cursory searchfor causes finds that some small group of people was wearing,promoting,or developing whatever it is before anyone else paidattention.Anecdotal evidence of this kind fits nicely with the ideathat only certain special people can drive trends.

## 3 Paragraph

In their recent work,however,some researchers have comeup with the finding that influentials have far less impact on socialepidemics than is generally supposed.In fact,they don’t seem tobe required at all.

## 4 Paragraph

The researchers'argument stems from a simple observationabout social influence:With the exception of a few celebritieslike Oprah Winfrey—whose outsize presence is primarily afunction of media,not interpersonal,influence—even the mostinfluential members of a population simply don't interact withthat many others.Yet it is precisely these non-celebrityinfluentials who,according to the two-step-flow theory,aresupposed to drive social epidemics,by influencing their friendsand colleagues directly.For a social epidemic to occur,however,each person so affected must then influence his or her ownacquaintances,who must in turn influence theirs,and so on;andjust how many others pay attention to each of these people haslittle to do with the initial influential.If people in the network justtwo degrees removed from the initial influential prove resistant,for example,the cascade of change won't propagate very far oraffect many people.

## 5 Paragraph


Building on the basic truth about interpersonal influence,theresearchers studied the dynamics of social influence byconducting thousands of computer simulations of populations,manipulating a number of variables relating to people's ability toinfluence others and their tendency to be influenced.They foundthat the principal requirement for what is called “global cascades”—the widespread propagation of influence through networks—isthe presence not of a few influentials but,rather,of a critical massof easily influenced people.

## 6 Question

31. By citing the book The Tipping Point,the authorintends to .
[A]analyze the consequences of social epidemics
[B]discuss influentials'function in spreading ideas
[C]exemplify people's intuitive response to social epidemics[D]describe the essential characteristics of influentials

32. The author suggests that the “two-step-flowtheory”.
[A]serves as a solution to marketing problems
[B]has helped explain certain prevalent trends
[C]has won support from influentials
[D]requires solid evidence for its validity

33. What the researchers have observed recentlyshows that
[A]the power of influence goes with social interactions
[B]interpersonal links can be enhanced through the media
[C]influentials have more channels to reach the public
[D]most celebrities enjoy wide media attention

34. The underlined phrase"these people"inParagraph 4 refers to the ones who_________.
[A]stay outside the network of social influence
[B]have little contact with the source of influence
[C]are influenced and then influence others
[D]are influenced by the initial influential

35. What is the essential element in the dynamics ofsocial influence?
[A]The eagerness to be accepted.
[B]The impulse to influence others.
[C]The readiness to be influenced.
[D]The inclination to rely on others.