---
number headings: auto, first-level 2, max 6, 1.1
---
# 2010-1-Text 2

## 1 Paragraph

| 单词                     | 扩展                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| patent n.专利 v.给专利；申请专利 | patentable adj.可授予专利的；可申请专利的                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| man-made adj.人造的       | unnatural adj.人造的<br>artificial adj.人工的；人造的 adj.假的<br>fake grass 假草<br>   plastic grass                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| click v.点击             | dub v.点击<br>log in 登录<br>sign on 注册<br>enroll v.登记；注册<br>register v.登记；注册                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| law n.法律               | legal adj.法律的<br>illegal adj.非法的<br>illicit adj.非法的<br>transgress v.越界；非法<br>legitimate v.使合法<br>legitimacy n.合法性；合理性<br>legislation n.立法<br>legislature n.立法机构<br><br>act n.法案 v.行动<br>enact v.颁布；实施<br>retion n.理性；理智；合理；合法<br>rational adj.理性的；合理的<br>rationalization n.合理；合法<br>justify v.证明合法；合法<br>justification n.合理；合法 |
Critics make three main arguments against gene patents: a gene is a product of nature, so it may not be patented; gene patents suppress innovation rather than reward it; and patents” monopolies restrict access to genetic tests such as Myriad’s.
- 批评者针对基因专利提出三个主要论点：基因是自然产物，因此不能被专利；基因专利压制创新而非奖励创新；以及专利垄断限制了对基因检测的访问，例如Myriad的检测

This seems a justification for neglect of those in need , and a rationalization of exploitation , of the superiority of those at the top and the inferiority of those at the bottom. 
- 这似乎是在为忽视有需要的人提供理由，并为剥削辩解，为处于顶部的人的优越性和处于底层的人的劣势提供合理化

If the Administration won’t take the legislative initiative, Congress should help to begin fashioning conservation measures.
- 如果政府不能
- administration=government=authority


### 1.1 Sentence

*Over* the past decade, thousands *of* patents **have been granted** *for* ==what== **are called** business methods.
- 在过去的十年里，上千个专利，都因为，我们所谓的商业方法被通过了
### 1.2 Sentence

Amazon.com **received** one *for* its “one-click” online payment system.
- 亚马逊网站，因为他的一键在线支付系统，二获得了一个专利

### 1.3 Sentence

Merrill Lynch **got** legal protection *for* an asset allocation strategy. 
- ML 因为一项资产分配策略而获得法律保护
### 1.4 Sentence

One inventor **patented** a technique *for* lifting a box.
- 一个发明家，因为一个举起盒子的技术，而获得专利

## 2 Paragraph

### 2.1 Sentence

Now the nation’s top patent court appears completely ready to scale back on business-method patents, which have been  controversial ever since they were first authorized 10 years ago.  In a move that has intellectual-property lawyers abuzz, the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit said it would use a  particular case to conduct a broad review of business-method  
patents. In re Bilski, as the case is known, is “a very big deal,”  says Dennis D. Crouch of the University of Missouri School of  Law. It “has the potential to eliminate an entire class of patents.”

Curbs on business-method claims would be a dramatic  
about-face, because it was the Federal Circuit itself that  
introduced such patents with its 1998 decision in the so-called  
State Street Bank case, approving a patent on a way of pooling  
mutual-fund assets. That ruling produced an explosion in  
business-method patent filings, initially by emerging Internet  
companies trying to stake out exclusive rights to specific types of  
online transactions. Later, more established companies raced to  
add such patents to their files, if only as a defensive move against  
rivals that might beat them to the punch. In 2005, IBM noted in a  
court filing that it had been issued more than 300 business-  
method patents, despite the fact that it questioned the legal basis  
for granting them. Similarly, some Wall Street investment firms  
armed themselves with patents for financial products, even as  
they took positions in court cases opposing the practice.

The Bilski case involves a claimed patent on a method for  
hedging risk in the energy market. The Federal Circuit issued an  
unusual order stating that the case would be heard by all 12 of the  
court’s judges, rather than a typical panel of three, and that one  
issue it wants to evaluate is whether it should “reconsider” its  
State Street Bank ruling.

The Federal Circuit’s action comes in the wake of a series of  
recent decisions by the Supreme Court that has narrowed the  
scope of protections for patent holders. Last April, for example,  
the justices signaled that too many patents were being upheld for  
“inventions” that are obvious. The judges on the Federal Circuit  
are “reacting to the anti-patent trend at the Supreme Court,” says  
Harold C. Wegner, a patent attorney and professor at George  
Washington University Law School.
