---
number headings: auto, first-level 2, max 6, 1.1
---
# 2015-2-Text 1


## 1 Paragraph


| 单词                                                                                                                                     |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| contrary adj.相反的<br>contradict v.反驳<br>retort v.反驳<br>controversy n.争议<br>controversial adj.争议的<br>oppose v.反对<br>opposite adj.相反的；反对的 |
| stress n.压力 v.强调<br>overstressed adj.崩溃的；焦虑不安的                                                                                         |
| measure v.测量 n.方法；手段                                                                                                                   |

### 1.1 Sentence


A new study **suggests** ==that== contrary *to* most surveys, people **are actually more stressed** *at* home *than* *at* work.
- 与之前大多数调查相反，一个新的研究，人们在家比在工作场合感受到了更多的压力
### 1.2 Sentence


Researchers **measured** people's cortisol, ==which== **is** a stressmarker, ==while== they **were** at work and ==while== they **were** at home and **found** it higher *at* ==what== **is supposed** *to be* a place *of* refuge.
- 研究人员测量了人们在家以及工作场合的皮质醇，一种压力的标志，然后发现当人民在庇护所里面压力更大

## 2 Paragraph

| 单词                                                                                        |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| convention n.会议；传统<br>tradition n.传统<br>accommodation n.传统；习俗<br>    accommodate v.习惯于；适应 |
|                                                                                           |
|                                                                                           |

舞狮作为中国传统民间表演已经有 2000 多年历史
- lion dancing  has a more than 2000 years' history
- lion dancing has a history of more than 2000 years
- lion dancing has a history of over 2000 years
- as traditional folk performance of China

### 2.1 Sentence

"Further contradicting conventional wisdom, we **found** ==that== women *as well as* men **have** lower levels *of* stress *at* work *than* *at* home," writes one of the researchers, Sarah Damaske. 
- 与传统观点更加相反的是，我们发现，男女在工作场合都比在家压力更小

### 2.2 Sentence

*In* fact women **even say** they **feel** better *at* work, she notes." 

### 2.3 Sentence

It **is** men, not women,==who== **report being** happier *at* home *than* at work."

### 2.4 Sentence


Another surprise **is** ==that== the findings **hold** true *for* both those *with* children and without, ==but== more so *for* nonparents. 

### 2.5 Sentence

This **is** ==why== people ==who== **work** outside the home **have** better health.

## 3 Paragraph

### 3.1 Sentence

==What== the study **doesn't measure** **is** ==whether== people **are** still doing work ==when== they're *at* home, ==whether== it *is* household work or work *brought* home *from* the office.

### 3.2 Sentence

*For* many men, the end *of* the workday **is** a time *to* kick back.

### 3.3 Sentence

*For* women ==who== stay home, they **never get to leave** the office. 

### 3.4 Sentence

And for women ==who== **work** *outside* the home, they **often are playing** catch-up-with-houschold tasks.

### 3.5 Sentence

*With* the blurring *of* roles, and the fact ==that== the home front **lags「拖后腿」 well behind** the workplace *in* making adjustments「调整」 *for* working women, it'**s not surprising** ==that== women **are more stressed** at home.

## 4 Paragraph
### 4.1 Sentence

But it'**s not just** a gender thing.
### 4.2 Sentence

*At* work, people **pretty much know** ==what== they'**re supposed to be doing**: working, making money, doing the tasks they have *to do in order *to* draw an income.


The bargain「溢价」 is very pure「纯粹」: Employee puts inhours of physical or mental labor and employee draws out life-sustaining moola.
## 5 Paragraph

On the home front,however,people have no such clarity.Rare is the household in which the division of labor is soclinically and methodically laid out.There are a lot of tasksto be done,there are inadequate rewards for most of them.Your home colleagues-your family-have no clear rewardsfor their labor;they need to be talked into it,or if they'reteenagers,threatened with complete removal of all electronicdevices.Plus,they're your family.You cannot fire your family.You never really get to go home from home.

## 6 Paragraph

So it's not surprising that people are more stressed athome.Not only are the tasks apparently infinite,the co-workers are much harder to motivate.

## 7 Paragraph

| 单词                                                                                                                                                         |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| previous adj.之前的<br>prehistoric adj.史前的<br>antique n.古董 adj.古老的<br>ancient adj.古老的<br>BC 公元前【befor christ】<br>prior n.首先；首要 adj.先前的<br>predecessor n.前辈；前任 |
| ease v.减轻；缓解<br>release v.释放；缓解；减轻<br>relief v.放松<br>reliveve v.放松<br>relax v.放松<br>relaxation n.放松                                                        |
| cease v.停止<br>terminate v.停止<br>pause v.暂停<br>suspend v.悬挂；暂停                                                                                              |
| ideal adj.理想化的<br>idol n.偶像；榜样<br>model n.模特；榜样 v.模仿<br>simulate v.模仿<br>mimic v.模仿<br>imitate v.模仿<br>assimilation n.同化                                   |
|                                                                                                                                                            |

21. According to Paragraph 1, most previous surveys found that home
**A.offered greater relaxation than the workplace**
B.was an ideal place for stress measurement
C.generated more stress than the workplace
D.was an unrealistic place for relaxation

22. According to Damaske,who are likely to be the happiest at home?
A.Working mothers.
**B.Childless husbands.**【more so 比较】
C.Working fathers.
D.Childless wives.

23.The blurring of working women's roles refers to the fact that
A.their home is also a place for kicking back
**B.they are both bread winners and housewives**
C.there is often much housework left behind
D.it is difficult for them to leave their office

24.The word“moola”(Line 4,Para.4)most probablymeans .
A.skills
B.energy
C.earnings

D.nutrition


25.The home front differs from the workplace in that
A.family labor is often adequately rewarded
B.home is hardly a cozier working environment
C.household tasks are generally more motivating
D.division of labor at home is seldom clear-cut

Text 2
For years,studies have found that first-generationcollege students -those who do not have a parent with acollege degree-lag other students on a range of educationachievement factors.Their grades are lower and their dropoutrates are higher.But since such students are most likely toadvance economically if they succeed in higher education,colleges and universities have pushed for decades to recruitmore of them.This has created “a paradox”in that recruitingfirst-generation students,but then watching many of them fail,means that higher education has“continued to reproduce andwiden,rather than close”an achievement gap based on socialclass,according to the depressing beginning of a paperforthcoming in the journal Psychological Science.
But the article is actually quite optimistic,as it outlines apotential solution to this problem,suggesting that anapproach(which involves a one-hour,next-to-no-cost