---
number headings: auto, first-level 2, max 6, 1.1
---
# 2015-2-Text 3

## 1 Paragraph

| 单词                                                                      |                                                                 |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| spin v.旋转；举例<br>list v.举例<br>illustrate v.举例说明                          | ample adj.大量的<br>amplify v.放大<br>example n.案例<br>exemplify v.例证 |
| parachute n.降落伞 v.空降<br>land n.陆地 v.着陆                                  | often adj.经常的<br>frequent adj.频繁的                               |
| mission n.使命<br>missionary n.传教士 parachute n.降落伞 v.空降<br>land n.陆地 v.着陆 | passion n.激情；热情<br>passive adj.被动的                              |


### 1.1 Sentence

*Even in* traditional offices, “the lingua franca「公司用语」 of corporate America **has gotten** much more emotional and much more right-brained ==than== it **was** 20 years ago," said Harvard Business School professor Nancy Koehn.
- 甚至在办公室中，相比于 20 年前，美国公司的办公室用于已经变得越来越情绪化和感性化，经济学院专家 NK 说道。

### 1.2 Sentence

She **started** *spinning* off examples. 
- 她举了几个例子
### 1.3 Sentence

“==If== you and I **parachuted** back *to* Fortune 500 companies *in* 1990, we **would see** much less frequent use *of* terms *like* journey, mission, passion.
- 如果你和我降临到 1990 年的世界 500 强公司中，我们应该很少看见频繁的使用类似旅程、使命和激情的话术

### 1.4 Sentence

There **were** goals, there **were** strategies, there **were** objectives, ==but== we **didn't talk about** energy; we **didn't talk about** passion.”

## 2 Paragraph

### 2.1 Sentence
Kochn pointed out that this new era of corporatevocabulary is very “tcam”-onented-and not by coincidencc"Let's not forget sports -in male-dominated corporateAmenca,t stilabgdel I's notexplcity conscious,it'sthe idca that I'ma cach,and you're my team,and we re inthis together.There are lots and lots of CEOs in very differentcompanies,but most think of themselves as coaches and thisis their team and they want to win.”
## 3 Paragraph

### 3.1 Sentence
These terms are also intended to infuse work withmeaning-and,as Rakesh Khurana,another professor,pointsout,increase allegiance to the firm.“You have the importationof terminology that historically used to be associated withnon-profit organizations and religious organizations:termslike vision,values,passion,and purpose,"said Khurana.
## 4 Paragraph

### 4.1 Sentence
This new focus on personal fulfillment can help keepemployees motivated amid increasingly loud debates overwork-life balance.The “mommy wars”of the 1990 s are stillgoing on today,prompting arguments about why women stillcan't have it all and books like Sheryl Sandberg's Lean In,whose title has become a buzzword in its own right.Termslike unplug,offline,life-hack,bandwidth,and capacity are allabout setting boundaries between the office and the home.Butif your work is your“passion,"you'll be more likely to devoteyourself to it,even if that means going home for dinner and then working long after the kids are in bed.
## 5 Paragraph

### 5.1 Sentence
But this seems to be the irony of office speak: Everyone makes fun of it, but managers love it, companies depend on it,and regular people willingly absorb it. As a linguist once said,"You can get people to think it's nonsense at the same time that you buy into it."In a workplace that's fundamentally indifferent to your life and its meaning, office speak can help you figure out how you relate to your work- and how your work defines who you are.

## 6 Question

31. According to Nancy Koehn, office language has become
A.less strategic 
B.less energetic
C.more objective
**D.more emotional**

32. "Team"-oriented corporate vocabulary is closely related to
A.sports culture
B.gender difference
C.historical incidents
D.athletic executives

33. Khurana believes that the importation of terminology aims to.
A.revive historical terms
B.promote company image
C.foster corporate cooperation
D.strengthen employee loyalty

34. It can be inferred that Lean In.
A.voices for working women
B.appeals to passionate workaholics
C.triggers debates among mommies
D.praises motivated employees

35. Which of the following statements is true about officespeak?
A.Linguists believe it to be nonsense.
B.Regular people mock it but accept it.
C.Companies find it to be fundamental.
D.Managers admire it but avoid it.
