---
number headings: auto, first-level 2, max 6, 1.1
---

# 2015-2-Text4

## 1 Paragraph

| 单词                                                                              |                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| labor n.劳动；劳动力<br>collaborate v.合作<br>collaborative adj.合作的<br>elaborate v.精心准备 | appear v.出现；看似；似乎<br>seems v.看似 |
| decent adj.体面的；端庄的；正派的；政治的<br>innocent adj.无辜的；冤枉的<br>incentive adj.            | pace n.步伐<br>tempo n.节奏         |

### 1.1 Sentence

Many people **talked of** the 288,000 new jobs the Labor Department *reported* for June, *along with* the drop *in* the unemployment rate *to* 6.1 percent, *as* good news.
- 有个好消息，许多人在讨论六月劳工部所报到的 28.8 万的新岗位，并且失业率的下降到 6.1%


### 1.2 Sentence

And they were right. 

### 1.3 Sentence

*For* now it **appears** ==that== economy **is creating** jobs *at* a decent pace.
- 目前而言，似乎经济正以一个不错的节奏创造工作岗位

### 1.4 Sentence

We still **have** a long way *to go to get* back *to full* employment, ==but== *at* least we **are now finally moving forward** *at* a faster pace.
- 我们想要回到充分就业还有很长一段路要走，但是至少我们现在还在一个非常快的速度前进

## 2 Paragraph

| 单词                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| part n.部分 v.部分<br>depart v.分离<br>apart v.分离<br>apartment n.公寓<br>    dormitory n.宿舍<br>department n.部门<br>compartment n.车厢<br>partial adj.偏心的<br>impartial adj.公平的 | overlook v.俯视 v.忽视<br>ignore v.忽视<br>neglect v.忽视<br>dismiss v.解散；解雇；下课；无视<br>    dismiss as 视作 |
| jump v.跳<br>plunge v.跳水                                                                                                                                            | volunteer n.志愿者<br>voluntary adj.自愿的<br>figure n.数据 v 指出                                        |
|                                                                                                                                                                    |                                                                                                 |

### 2.1 Sentence

However, there **is** another important part *of* the jobs picture ==that== **was largely overlooked**.
- 然而，我们很大程度上忽视工作蓝图中的另一个重要部分

### 2.2 Sentence

There **was** a big jump *in* the number *of* people ==who== **report** voluntarily working part-time.
- 在自愿兼职的人数方面，有巨大的提升

### 2.3 Sentence

This figure **is** now 830,000(4.4 percent)*above* its year ago level.
- 这个数现在是 83 万，也就是占比 4.4%，高于去年同期水平

## 3 Paragraph
### 3.1 Sentence

*Before* explaining the connection *to* the Obamacare, it **is worth making** an important distinction. 
- 在解释这个就业问题和奥巴马医改之间的联系之前，我们值得重点去做一个区分。

### 3.2 Sentence

Many people ==who== work part-time jobs actually want full-time jobs.
- 许多从事兼职工作的人想要全职工作
### 3.3 Sentence

They take part-time work because this is all they can get. 
- 他们之所以选择兼职，因为他们只能做这样的工作

### 3.4 Sentence

An increase ininvoluntary part-time work **is** evidence *of* weakness *in* the labor market and it **means** ==that== many people **will be having** a very hard time *making* ends meet.
- 非自愿兼职人数的上涨表明劳动力市场的疲软，并且这意味着许多人有一段艰难的时光要去维持生计

making ends meet 维持生计

## 4 Paragraph

| 单词                                              |                                                                                                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| tendency n.趋势<br>trend n.趋势<br>inclination n.倾向 | recede v.后退<br>recession n.衰退<br>concession n.让步<br>    give in<br>	subdue v.屈服<br>	subjugate v.屈服<br>	yield n.产量 v.屈服<br>	abide v.遵守；服从<br>	comply with v.服从 |

### 4.1 Sentence

There **was** an increase *in* involuntary part-time *in* June,==but== the general direction **has been** down.
- 在六月非自愿兼职工作数量有上升，但是整体趋势是下降的

### 4.2 Sentence

Involuntary part-time employment **is** still far higher *than* before the recession, ==but== it **is** down *by* 640,000(7.9 percent) *from* its year ago level.
- 非自愿兼职工作比起经济衰退前已经高出太多，但比去年同期水平下降了 7.9 个百分点，已经来到了 640,000

## 5 Paragraph

| 单词                                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| class n.阶层；阶级<br>classify v.分类<br>categorize v.分类<br>sort n.v.分类；种类 |
### 5.1 Sentence

We **know** the difference *between* voluntary and involuntary part-time employment ==because== people **tell** us.
- 我们知道自愿兼职和非自愿兼职工作之间的工作的区别，因为人们已经告诉我了
### 5.2 Sentence

The survey *used* by the Labor Department **asks** people ==if== they **worked** less *than* 35 hours *in* the reference week.
- 由劳工部使用的一项调查，询问人们是否在参考周内工作量少于三十五小时

### 5.3 Sentence

==If== the answer **is** "yes," they **are classified** *as* working part-time.
- 如果答案是肯定的，那么这些人会被归类为兼职工作者

### 5.4 Sentence

The survey then **asks** ==whether== they **worked** less *than* 35 hours *in* that week ==because== they **wanted to work** less *than* full time or ==because== they **had no** choice.
- 这个调查之所以询问它们在参考周，工作少于三十五小时，是因为他们想要比全职工作少，还是它们别无选择

### 5.5 Sentence

They are only classified as voluntary part-time workers if they tell the survey taker they chose to workless than 35 hours a week.
## 6 Paragraph
### 6.1 Sentence

The issue of voluntary part-time relates to Obamacarebecause one of the main purposes was to allow people to getinsurance outside of employment.For many people,especially those with serious health conditions or familymembers with serious health conditions,before Obamacarethe only way to get insurance was through ajob that providedhealth insurance.
However,Obamacare has allowed more than 12 millionpeople to either get insurance through Medicaid or theexchanges.These are people who may previously have felt theneed to get a full-time job that provided insurance in order tocover themselves and their families.With Obamacare there isno longer a link between employment and insurance.
## 7 Question

36. Which part of the jobs picture was neglected?
A.The prospect「前景」 of a thriving「繁荣的」 job market.
**B.The increase of voluntary part-time jobs.**
C.The possibility of full employment.
D.The ~~acceleration「加速」~~ of job creation.


37. Many people work part-time because they 
A.prefer par-time jobs to fulltime jobs「相比全职工作更喜欢兼职」
B.feel that is enough to make ends meet「感觉足以维持生计」
**C.cannot get their hands on full-time jobs**「无法接触到全职工作」
D.haven't seen the weakness of the market「没看见市场的疲弱」

38.Involuntary part-time employment in the US
A.shows a general tendency of decline
B.is harder to acquire than one year ago
C.satisfies the real need of the jobless
D.is lower than before the recession

39.It can be learned that with Obamacare,.
A.it is no longer easy for part-timers to get insurance
B.full-time employment is still essential for insurance
C.it is still challenging to get insurance for family
members
D.employment is no longer a precondition to get
insurance
40.The text mainly discusses
A.employment in the US
B.part-timer classification
C.insurance through Medicaid

D.Obamacare's trouble


2016英二
Text 1
It's true that high-school coding classes aren't essentialfor learning computer science in college.Students withoutexperience can catch up after a few introductory courses,said Tom Cortina,the assistant dean at Carnegie Mellon'sSchool of Computer Science.
However,Cortina said,early exposure is beneficial.When younger kids learn computer science,they learn that it'snot just a confusing,endless string of letters and numbers-but a tool to build apps,or create artwork,or test hypotheses.It's not as hard for them to transform their thought processesas it is for older students.Breaking down problems into bite-sized chunks and using code to solve them becomes normal.Giving more children this training could increase the numberof people interested in the field and help fill the jobs gap,Cortina said.
Students also benefit from learning something aboutcoding before they get to college,where introductorycomputer-science classes are packed to the brim,whichcan drive the less-experienced or -determined students away.
The Flatiron School,where people pay to learn

programming,started as one of the many coding bootcampsthat's become popular for adults looking for a careerchange.The high-schoolers get the same curriculum,but“wetry to gear lessons toward things they're interested in,"saidVictoria Friedman,an instructor.For instance,one of theapps the students are developing suggests movies basedon your mood.
The students in the Flatiron class probably won't dropout of high school and build the next Facebook.Programminglanguages have a quick turnover,so the“Ruby on Rails”language they learned may not even be relevant by the timethey enter the job market.But the skills they learn-how tothink logically through a problem and organize the results-apply to any coding language,said Deborah Seehorn,aneducation consultant for the state of North Carolina.
Indeed,the Flatiron students might not go into IT at all.But creating a future army of coders is not the sole purpose ofthe classes.These kids are going to be surrounded bycomputers -in their pockets,in their offices,in their homes-for the rest of their lives.The younger they learn howcomputers think,how to coax the machine into producingwhat they want-the earlier they learn that they have thepower to do that-the better.
41.Cortina holds that early exposure to computer science

makes it easier to
A.complete future job training
B.remodel the way of thinking
C.formulate logical hypotheses
D.perfect artwork production

42 In delivering Iessons for high-schoolers,Flatiron hasconsidered their .
A.experience
B.interest
C.career prospects
D.academic backgrounds

43.Deborah Seehorn believes that the skills learned atFlatiron will
A.help students learn other computer languages
B.have to be upgraded when new technologies come
C.need improving when students look for jobs
D.enable students to make big quick money

44.According to the last paragraph,Flatiron students areexpected to.
A.bring forth innovative computer technologies
B.stay longer in the information technology industry
C.become better prepared for the digitalized world