---
number headings: auto, first-level 2, max 6, 1.1
---
# 2017-1-Text 3

## 1 Paragraph

| 单词                 | 扩展                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| gross adj.总计的；总量的  | GDP gross domestic product                                                                                                                                                       |
| meter n.米          | measure n.措施 v.测量<br>approach v.接近 n.方法；措施；手段<br>access v.接近 n.通路；通道；方法<br>initiative n.方法；措施                                                                                    |
| vote v.投票          | elect v.选举<br>ballot n.选票                                                                                                                                                        |
| assess v.评估        | assessment n.评估<br>value n.价值 v.评估；估价<br>evaluate v.估价；评价<br>estimate v.评价<br>overestimate v.高估<br>underestimate v.低估<br>overvalue v.高估<br>    devalue v.贬低；贬值<br>comment n.v.评论 |
| question n.问题 v.质疑 | challenge v.挑战；怀疑<br>suspect v.怀疑<br>doubt v.怀疑<br>suspicious adj.可疑的<br>skeptic adj.可疑的<br>skeptical adj.可疑的<br>dubious adj.怀疑的                                                 |
| 用                  | use, utilize, employ, harness, exploit                                                                                                                                           |
| annoy v.烦恼         | bother v.打扰<br>frustrate v.使沮丧<br>depress v.使沮丧<br>upset v.使丧 adj.丧的；不安的                                                                                                         |
| flaw n.缺点          |                                                                                                                                                                                  |

==if== the administration **donot make** the legislative initiative , the congress **should begin help fashioning** conservation measures.
- ==如果==政府**不提出**立法倡议，国会应开始帮助制定保护措施
- fashion n.时尚 v.塑造

### 1.1 Sentence

Robert F.Kennedy once **said** ==that== a country's GDP **measures** "everything" *except* ==that which== **makes** life worthwhile."
- RFK 曾经认为一个国家的 GDP 能测量所有的事情，唯独不能衡量那些让生活变得有价值的事情

### 1.2 Sentence

*With* Britain *voting to leave* the European Union, and GDP already *predicted to* slow *as* a result, it **is** now a timely moment *to assess* ==what== he **was referring to**.
- 随着英国投票离开欧盟，并且 GDP 已经被预测下降缓慢的结果，现在就是这样的时刻，他曾经提到的事情
- 随着英国投票脱离欧盟，人们预测其会因此 GDP 变缓，现在是时候去评估一下当年肯尼迪所提到的事情了


### 1.3 Sentence


The question *of* GDP and its usefulness **has annoyed** policymakers *for* over half a century. 
- GDP 的问题和他的实用性，已经让那些政策制定者烦恼了半个世纪
- 政客们对应GDP 的问题和他的实用性烦恼了半个世纪

### 1.4 Sentence

Many **argue** ==that== it **is aflawed** concept.
- 许多人认为 GDP 是一个有瑕疵的概念

It measures things that do notmatter and misses things that do.By most recent measures,the UK's GDP has been the envy of the Western world,withrecord low unemployment and high growth figures.Ifeverything was going so well,then why did over 17 million people vote for Brexit,despite the warnings aboutwhat it could do to their country's economic prospects? 

## 2 Paragraph


A recent annual study of countries and their ability to convert growth into well-being sheds some light on that question. Across the 163 countries measured, the UK is one of the poorest performers in ensuring that economic growth is translated into meaningful improvements for its citizens. Rather than just focusing on GDP, over 40 different sets of criteria from health, education and civil society engagement have been measured to get a more rounded assessment of how countries are performing.While all of these countries face their own challenges, there are a number of consistent themes. Yes, there has been a budding economic recovery since the 2008 global crash, but in key indicators in areas such as health and education, major economies have continued to decline. Yet this isn't the case with all countries. Some relatively poor European countries have seen huge improvements across measures including civil society, income equality and the environment.

## 3 Paragraph

This is a lesson that rich countries can learn: When GDP is no longer regarded as the sole measure of a country's success, the world looks very different. So, what Kennedy was referring to was that while GDP has been the most common method for measuring the economic activity of nations, as a measure, it is no longer enough. It does not include important factors such as environmental quality or education outcomes all things that contribute to a person's sense of well-being.

## 4 Paragraph

The sharp hit to growth predicted around the world and in the UK could lead to a decline in the everyday services we depend on for our well-being and for growth. But policymakers who refocus efforts on improving well-being rather than simply worrying about GDP figures could avoid the forecasted doom and may even see progress.

## 5 Question

31.Robert F. Kennedy is cited because he
A. praised the UK for its GDP.
B. identified GDP with happiness.
C. misinterpreted 「误解」 the role of GDP.
**D**. had a low opinion of GDP.

32.It can be inferred from Paragraph 2 that
A.the UK is reluctant to remold its economic pattern.
B.GDP as the measure of success is widely defied in the UK.
C.the UK will contribute less to the world economy.
D.policymakers in the UK are paying less attention to GDP.

33.Which of the following is true about the recent annual study?
A.It is sponsored by 163 countries.
B.It excludes GDP as an indicator.
C.Its criteria are questionable.
D.Its results are enlightening.

34.In the last two paragraphs, the author suggests that
A.the UK is preparing for an economic boom.
B.high GDP foreshadows an economic decline.
C.it is essential to consider factors beyond GDP.
D.it requires caution to handle economic issues.

35.Which of the following is the best title for the text?
A.High GDP But Inadequate Well-being, a UK Lesson
B.GDP Figures, a Window on Global Economic Health
C.Robert F. Kennedy, a Terminator of GDP
D.Brexit, the UK's Gateway to Well-being