---
number headings: auto, first-level 2, max 6, 1.1
---
# 2017-1-Text 2

## 1 Paragraph

| 单词                | 扩展  |
| ----------------- | --- |
| ancesstor n.祖先；先人 |     |

### 1.1 Sentence

"The ancient Hawaiians **were** astronomers,"wrote Queen Liliuokalani,Hawaii's last reigning monarch,in 1897.
- 古老的夏威夷人是天文学家，

### 1.2 Sentence

Star watchers were among the most esteemed members of Hawaiian society.

### 1.3 Sentence

Sadly,all is not well with astronomy inHawaii today.

### 1.4 Sentence

Protests have erupted over construction of the Thirty Meter Telescope(TMT),a giant observatory thatpromises to revolutionize humanity's view of the cosmos.

## 2 Paragraph

### 2.1 Sentence

At issue is the TMT's planned location on Mauna Kea,adormant volcano worshiped by some Hawaiians as the piko,that connects the Hawaiian Islands to the heavens.
### 2.2 Sentence

ButMauna Kea is also home to some of the world's most powerfultelescopes.

### 2.3 Sentence

Rested in the Pacific Ocean,Mauna Kea's peakrises above the bulk of our planet's dense atmosphere,where conditions allow telescopes to obtain images ofunsurpassed clarity.

## 3 Paragraph

### 3.1 Sentence

Opposition to telescopes on Mauna Kea is nothing new.

### 3.2 Sentence

A small but vocal group of Hawaiians and environmentalistshave long viewed their presence as disrespect for sacred landand a painful reminder of the occupation of what wasonce a sovereign nation.

## 4 Paragraph

### 4.1 Sentence

Some blame for the current controversy belongs toastronomers.

### 4.2 Sentence

In their eagerness to build bigger telescopes,they forgot that science is not the only way ofunderstanding the world.

### 4.3 Sentence

They did not always prioritizethe protection of Mauna Kea's fragile ecosystems or itsholiness to the island's inhabitants.
### 4.4 Sentence

Hawaiian culture is not arelic of the past;it is a living culture undergoing a renaissance today.
## 5 Paragraph

### 5.1 Sentence

Yet science has a cultural history,too,with roots goingback to the dawn of civilization.

### 5.2 Sentence

The same curiosity to findwhat lies beyond the horizon that first brought early Polynesians to Hawaii's shores inspires astronomers today toexplore the heavens.Calls to disassemble all telescopes onMauna Kea or to ban future development there ignore thereality that astronomy and Hawaiian culture both seek toanswer big questions about who we are,where we come fromand where we are going.Perhaps that is why we explore thestarry skies,as ifanswering a primal calling to know ourselvesand our true ancestral homes.
## 6 Paragraph

The astronomy community is making compromises tochange its use of Mauna Kea.The TMT site was chosento minimize the telescope's visibility around theisland and to avoid archaeological and environmental impact.To limit the number of telescopes on Mauna Kea,old oneswill be removed at the end of their lifetimes and their sitesreturned to a natural state.There is no reason why everyonecannot be welcomed on Mauna Kea to embrace their culturalheritage and to study the stars.
## 7 Question

26.Queen Liliuokalani's remark in Paragraph 1 indicates
A.her conservative view on the historical role of
astronomy.

B.the importance of astronomy in ancient Hawaiian
society.
C.the rcgrcttable decline of astronomy in ancient times.
D.her appreciation of star watchers'feats in her time.

27.Mauna Kea is decmed as an ideal astronomical sitedue to
A.its geographical features.
B.its protective surroundings.
C.its religious implications.
D.its existing infrastructure.

28.The construction of the TMT is opposed by somelocals partly because
A.it may risk ruining their intellectual life.
B.it reminds them of a humiliating history.
C.their culture willlose a chance of revival.
D.they fear losing control of Mauna Kea.

29.It can be inferred from Paragraph 5 that progress intoday's astronomy
A.is fulfilling the dreams of ancient Hawaiians.
B.helps spread Hawaiian culture across the world.
C.may uncover the origin of Hawaiian culture.
D.will eventually soften Hawaiians'hostility.

30.The author's attitude toward choosing Mauna Kea asthe TMT site is one of
A.severe criticism.
B.passive acceptance.
C.slight hesitancy.
D.full approval.

Text 3
Robert F.Kennedy once said that a country's GDPmeasures"everything except that which makes lifeworthwhile."With Britain voting to leave the EuropeanUnion,and GDP already predicted to slow as a result,it is nowa timely moment to assess what he was referring to.
The question of GDP and its usefulness has annoyedpolicymakers for over halfa century.Many argue that it is aflawed concept.It measures things that do notmatter and misses things that do.By most recent measures,the UK's GDP has been the envy of the Western world,withrecord low unemployment and high growth figures.Ifeverything was going so well,then why did over 17 million people vote for Brexit,despite the warnings aboutwhat it could do to their country's economic prospects?
A recent annual study of countries and their ability to
