---
number headings: auto, first-level 2, max 6, 1.1
---
# 2017-1-Text 4


## 1 Paragraph

|                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| rare adj.罕见的；稀少的       | rarely adv.几乎不<br>	barely adv.几乎不<br>	bare adj.赤裸的；无遮掩的<br>rear n.末梢<br>	end n.端头；末尾<br>	tip n.尖<br>	point n.尖<br>	pointed adj.尖的                                                                 |
| unanimouns adj.统一的；一致的 |                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| overturn v.推翻          |                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| corrupt v.腐败           | corruption n.腐败<br>rupt v.断裂<br>erupt v.爆发<br>interrupt v.打断<br>rupture n.破裂<br>abruptly adv.突然地                                                                                                  |
| convict v.控告           | sue v.诉讼<br>incriminate v.控告【in-内 crime 犯罪】<br>file n.文件 v.控告<br>accuse v.谴责；控诉；控告                                                                                                                |
| victory n.胜利           | victor n.获胜者<br>vitamin n.受害者                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Virginia n.弗吉尼亚州       |                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| govern v.统治；管理         | governor n.管理者；官员<br>execute v.行政；执行；管理【ex-外 cut 切断】<br>executive adj.行政的<br>    chief  executive officer<br>perform v.表演；执行；履行<br>domain v.统治<br>dominant adj.占统治地位的【大】<br>predominant adj.统治地位的 |
| ethic adj.道德的          | ethic code 道德准则【code 尊则】<br>    coding language 编码语言<br>moral adj.道德的<br>morality n.道德<br>virtue n.美德<br>    virtual adj.虚拟的<br>	virtual reality 虚拟现实                                             |
| conduct v.指挥；指导 n.行为   | induce v.劝说<br>seduce v.诱导<br>abduct v.拐骗<br>induction n.归纳法<br>deduce v.减少；推论<br>deduction n.推论                                                                                                  |

you probably **heard** it repeated ==that== man *of* scinece **work by** induction and deduction, ==that== they *in* a sort *of* sence **managed to** extract nature *from* the natural law and ==that== out *of* this  *by* some special skills *of* their own they **built up** their own theory.


### 1.1 Sentence


*In* a rare unanimous ruling, the US Supreme Court **has overturned** the corruption conviction *of* a former Virginia governor, Robert McDonnell. 
- 在一场罕见且大家都达成一致的裁决中，美国最高法院已经推翻了对弗吉尼亚州前任官员 RM 的腐败指控

### 1.2 Sentence

==But== it **did** so ==while== *holding* its nose *at* the ethics *of* his conduct, ==which== *included* *accepting* gifts such as a Rolex watch and a Ferrari automobile *from* a company *seeking* access *to* government.
- 虽然最高法院推翻了针对他的腐败指控，但对这个人的行为方面的道德问题嗤之以鼻，他

## 2 Paragraph


The high court's decision said the judge in Mr.McDonnell's trial failed to tell a jury that it must look onlyat his "official acts,"or the former governor's decisionson"specific"and“unsettled”issues related to his duties.
Merely helping a gif-giver gain access to other officials,unless done with clear intent to pressure those officials,isnot corruption,the justices found.

## 3 Paragraph

The court did suggest that accepting favors in return foropening doors is “distasteful”and“nasty.”But under anti-bribery laws,proof must be made of concrete benefits,suchas approval of a contract or regulation.Simply arranging ameeting,making a phone call,or hosting an event is not an“official act”.

## 4 Paragraph
The court's ruling is legally sound in defining a kind offavoritism that is not criminal.Elected leaders must beallowed to help supporters deal with bureaucratic problemswithout fear of prosecution for bribery."The basic compactunderlying representative government,"wrote Chief JusticeJohn Roberts for the court,"assumes that public officialswill hear from their constituents and act on their concerns.”
## 5 Paragraph

But the ruling reinforces the need for citizens and theirelected representatives,not the courts,to ensure equality ofaccess to government.Officials must not be allowed to play favorites in providing information or inarrangingmeetings simply because an individual or group provides a campaign donation or a personal gift.This type of integrityrequires well-enforced laws in govemment transparency,suchas records of official meetings,rules on lobbying,andinformation about each elected leader's source of wealth.
Favoritism in official access can fan public perceptionsof corruption.But it is not always corruption.Rather officialsmust avoid double standards,or different types of access foraverage people and the wealthy.If connections can bebought,a basic premise of democratic society -that all areequal in treatment by government-is undermined.Goodgovernance rests on an understanding of the inherent worth ofeach individual.
## 6 Paragraph

The court's ruling is a step forward in the struggle againstboth corruption and official favoritism.

## 7 Question

36. The underlined sentence(Para.1)most probablyshows that the court
A.avoided defining the extent of McDonnell's duties.
B.made ~~no compromise「没有妥协」~~ in convicting McDonnell.【unanimous】
**C.was contemptuous「蔑视的」 of McDonnell's conduct.**
D.refused to comment「拒绝评论」 on McDonnell's ethics.

37.According to Paragraph 4,an official act is deemed
corruptive only if it involves

A.lcaking secrcts intcntionally.
B.sizable gains in the form of gifts.
C.concrctc rctums for gift-givers.
D.breaking contracts officially.

38.The court's ruling is based on the assumption thatpublic officials are
A.justified in addressing the needs of their constituents.
B.qualified to dcal indepcndently with bureaucratic
issues.
C.allowed to focus on the concerns of their supporters.
D.exempt from conviction on the charge of favoritism.

39.Well-enforced laws in government transparency areneeded to
A.awaken the conscience of officials.
B.guarantee fair play in official access.
C.allow for certain kinds of lobbying.
D.inspire hopes in average people.

40.The author's attitude toward the court's ruling is
A.sarcastic.
B.tolerant.
C.skeptical.
D.supportive.