President Arling has put his long awaited economic restructuring program before the Congress.
- 阿林总统已经在国会上提交了他期待已久的经济调整计划
- await:verb \[VN\] formal  
	- to wati for sb/sth  
		- He is in custody awaiting trial.  
		- Her latest novel is eagerly awaited.  
	- to be going to happen to sb  
		- A warm welcome awaits all out guests.  
		- Who knows what dangers may await us.  
- restructure: verb \[VN,V\] to organize sth such as a system or a company in a new and different way  
- restructuring noun \[U,C,usuall sing.\]  
	- The company is undergoing a major restructuring  
	- restructuring charges / costs  
- congress:   
	- noun\[pl. v.\]: a large formal meeting or series of meetings where representatives from different groups discuss ideas, make decisions, etc  
	- noun\[pl. v.\](in the US and some other countries ): the name of the group of people who are elected to make laws, in the US consisting of the SENATE and the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES;  
		- Congress will vote on the proposals tomorrow.  
	- noun\[pl. v.\]: used in the names of political parties in some countries  
		- the African National Congress  

It  provides  a coordinated program of investment credits, research grants, education reforms, and tax changes designed to make American industy more competitive.  

- provide: verb  
	- verb \[VN\] ~ sb (with sth) | ~ sth (for sb): to give sth to sb or make it available for them to use  
		- The hospital has a commitment to provide the best possible medical care.  
		- We are here to provide a service for the public.  
		- We are here to provide the  public with a service  
		- Please answer questions in the space provided.  
		- The report was not expected to provide any answers.  
	- verb \[V that\] (formal) (of a law or rule) to state that sth will or must happen  
		- The final section provides that any work produced for the company is thereafter owned by the company.  
- coordinated  
	- either of two numbers or letters used to fix the postion of a point on a graph or map  
		- the x and y coordinates on a graph  
		- coordinates of latitude and longitude  
	- 