# 非谓语动词

## 不定式

### 不定式作宾语

#### ~ to do sth

- [[社会/英语/word library/word a#afford|afford]]
- agree
- appear
- arrange
- ask
- beg
- care 努力做某事
- choose
- claim
- consent
- decide
- demand
- desire
- determine
- expect
- fail
- forget
- happen
- hesitate
- hope
- intend
- learn
- long 渴望做某事
- manage 成功
- need
- offer
- plan
- prepare
- pretend
- promise
- refuse
- seem
- struggle
- swear
- tend
- threaten
- try
- volunteer
- wait
- want
- wish
#### ~ it to do sth
- feel
- find
- judge
- think
- believe
- consider

#### adj. to do sth.

- able
- afraid
- anxious
- careful
- content
- determined
- eager
- foolish
- free
- inclined
- likely
- prepared 愿意的
- quick
- slow
- willing

#### 固定句型
##### have no ~ but to do sth
- choice
- option
- alternative

##### do ~ but do sth.

- nothing

#### ~ wh/how to do sth.

- know
- tell
- show
- understand
- wonder
    - I wonder how to go there
    - I wonder who to go there
- teach
- discuss

### 不定式作补语

#### ~ sb. to do sth.
- advice
- allow
- ask
- beg
- cause
- challenge
- command
- convince
- enable
- encourage
- expect
- forbid
- force
- get
- hate
- hire
- help
- instruct
- intend
- invite
- leave
- like
- need
- oblige
- order
- permit
- persuade
- promise
- remind
- request
- require
- teach
- tell
- tempt
- urge
- want
- warn
- wish
#### 例句

- He is thought to have acted foolishly.Now he has no one but himself to blame for losing the job.
  - blame v.责备；承担责任
- They are going to have the serviceman install an electric fan in the office tomorrow.

## 动名词

### 动名词的时态语态

#### doing

- I like eating dumplings.

#### being doing
- I dislike being laughed at.

#### having done

- The boy admitted having cheated in the exam.

#### having been done

- I appreciate having been invited to your home.

### 动名词的句法功能

#### 动名词做主语

- Driving is tiring
- It is no use/good/need/point doing sth.
- It is no use crying over the spilt milk.覆水难收

#### 动名词做宾语

- admit
- appreciate
- avoid
- anticioate
- delay
- deny
- dislike
- enjoy
- escape
- favor doing sth.
- keep
- mind
- miss
- postpone
- practice
- quit
- recall doing sth.
- report
- resist 
- resume
- risk
- suggest

##### 跟动名词作宾语的动词短语

- can't stand 
- can't help doing 情不自禁做
  - = can't help but do
- give up
- put off
- feel like

##### 跟动名词和不定式

- attempt 
- begin
- continue
- deserve
- hate
- neglect
- like
- love
- prefer

##### 做介词或介词短语

- look forward to 
- object to
- object to
- confess to
- lead to
- be reated to
- be accustomed to=be used to doing
- be opposed to
- be familiar to
- in addition to
- instead of
- see about 按排做
- keep on 

##### 动名词做宾语省略in

- there is no point
- have difficulty/problem/trouble/a hard time/agood time doing
- be busy

#### 动名词做定语

- a sleeping dog {现在分词}
- a sleeping bag {动名词}
- a swimming pool
- a reading room
- a dining hall

>[!warning]+ 现在分词与动名词作定语的区别
> - 现在分词做定语：主动、进行
> - 动名词做定语：用途、功能、性质

#### 动名词做表语

- The queen's job is laying eggs in the ant world.

#### 动名词做同位语

- I want to find a job, repairing cars.


## 分词

- doing：主动进行
- done：被动完成

- The boy is reading a novel.
- The [[#vase|vase]] was [[#stolen|stolen]]last night
	- steal v.偷；偷窃

- 分词属性
	- 形容词
	- 副词
- 分词位置
	- 定语
	- 表语
	- 状语
	- 补语
### 分词做表语
#### 现在分词做表语

- The movie is interesting.
	- interesting

#### 过去分词做表语

- I felt interested in its plots.
	- interested

### 分词做定语

| 非谓语形式      | 与被修饰词之间的联系 | 举例  |
| ---------- | ---------- | --- |
| to do      |            |     |
| to be done |            |     |
| doing      |            |     |
| done       |            |     |
| being done |            |     |

#### 现在分词做定语

- The young sitting between sister and my brother is my cousin jack
#### 过去分词做定语
- The majority of people *interviewed* prefer TV to radio.
- the *stolen* car

### 分词做状语

| 非谓语形式 | 含义                | 例句                               |
| ----- | ----------------- | -------------------------------- |
| to do | 表示目的或结果           | He is too old to learn computers |
| doing | 表示时间、原因、让步<br>与主语 |                                  |
| done  |                   |                                  |

## 课后练习

1. Taking the financial difficulties into consideration, we'd better put off the plan till next year.
	- financial adj.经济的
	- put off 推迟
	- consideration
2. The City of London, bombed repeatedly in 1940 and 1941, lost many of its famous churches.
	- church n.教堂
	- bomb v.轰炸；n.炸弹
	- repeatedly adv.反复地
3. I felt so embarrassed that I couldn't do anything but sit there when I first met my present boss.
	- do nothing but do 不得不做
	- embarrassed adj.尴尬的
	- present adj.当前的
4. It took him only twenty minutes to get the machine running again.
	- machine n.机器
	- It takes sb. some time to do sth. 某人花费时间做某事
	- get sb./sth. do 让某人做某事
	- get sb./sth. doing 让某人正作某事
5. I feel like going for a walk after supper. Would you like to come?
	- feel like doing sth. 想要做某事
6. With the ground covered with ice, the road has become very slippery.
	- slippery adj.光滑的
	- cover v.覆盖
7. Don't forget to turn it off when you are finished with the electric iron.
	- forget to do 忘记去做某事
	- forget doing 忘记做过某事
	- electric adj.电力的
8. Mrs. White hurried to the conference room, only to find the meeting cancelled.
	- only to do 出人意料的结果
9. To postpone paying the debt will ruin our business reputation.
	- postpone=delay=put off 推迟
	- postpone doing 推迟做某事
	- debt n.债务
	- ruin v.毁灭
	- business adj.商业的
	- reputation n.信誉；声誉；名声
10. I kept telling him to avoid making the same spelling mistake in his composition.
	- mistake n.错误
	- composition n.作文
11. My friend offered to drive me to the railway station but I preferred to walk there.
	- offer adj.提出
	- prefer v.更喜欢
12. With the problem settled,our business relations between the two companies have improved.
	- settle v.解决
	- relation n.关系
	- business adj.商业的
	- company n.公司
	- improve v.进步
13. Given more time,we will be able to come up with a better solution to the problem.
	- Given more time= If we are given more time.主将从现
	- solution n.解决方案
	- come up with 提出主张
14. Since last December I've been busy preparing for the Public English Test-5.
	- prepare v.准备
15. I am considering going to the Yellow Mountain.Do you consider it a good idea to go there.
	- consider doing sth. 正考虑做某事
	- consider sth. to do sth.
16. I'd appreciate you mailing these letters.
	- appreciate doing
17. Used economically, one tin of oil will last at least three months.
	- economically adv.节约地
	- tin n.罐
	- oil n.油
18. Seen from the hilltop,the lake scenery is beyond description.
	- hilltop n.山顶
	- scenery n.景色
	- beyond description 美轮美奂的
19. I regret to inform you that you are to be dismissed from next week.
	- regret v.遗憾
	- regret to do 遗憾去做
	- regret doing 遗憾做过
	- dismiss v.开除
20. The chair look rather hard,but it is very comfortable to sit on.
	- hard adj.坚硬
	- comfortable adj.舒服
21. My sister is used to sleeping with all the windows open.
	- be used to doing 习惯于做某事
22. Don't have your children sitting for hours doing their homework in so dark a room.
23. The house needs painting, but they plan to wait until next spring to do it.
	- need doing = need to be done 需要被做某事
	- paint v.粉刷
24. Compared with the size of the whole earth, the highest mountain does not seem high at all.
	- earth n.地球
	- mountain n.山脉
	- seem v.看起了
25. The murderer was brought in, with his hands tied behind his back.
	- murderer n.凶手
	- tie v.拴着；绑着
26. When the police broke into the house,they found the old man lying dead on the floor.
	- lay v.躺
	- dead n.死了
27. Those who felt like hearing the story again came over and added themselves to the audience.
	- come over 走过来
	- audience n.观众(名单)
28. Mary told me that father would have the hut repaired later this year.
	- hut n.小木屋
	- repair v.维修
29. The young man still denies having started the fire behind the store.
	- deny v.拒绝
30. Paul just had his hair cut.
31. Why not call on him tomorrow?It's too late now.
	- call on 拜访
32. We were all excited when we heard the exciting news that the rescue team found another survivor.
	- rescue v.救援
	- survivor n.幸存者
33. All the things considered, his proposal is of greater value than yours.
	- proposal n.提议；建议
34. Does Jane stall pursue her dream of becoming a movie star. I am afraid not, she is said to have left the stage already as she got married.
	- stall adv.仍然
	- pursue v.追求
	- stage n.舞台
35. ~~When she was~~ asked who she was,she said she was Mr.Johnson's friend.
36. By the way, when did you get your living room painted? Last Sunday.
	- by the way 顺便问一下
37. She will tell us why she feels so strongly that each of us has a role to be played in making the earth a better place to live on.
	- play a role 扮演一个角色
	- strongly 强烈的
38. If you stick to practicing the piano every day, you will become quite a good musician.
	- stick v.坚持
	- stick to doing 坚持做某事
39. A series of measures having been taken, people in that area managed to survive the severe famine.
	- measures n.措施
	- area n.地区
	- survive adj.活下来的
	- sever adv.严重地
	- famine n.饥荒
	- a series of 一系列
40. The old lady sat in an armchair, her cat laying beside her.
	- armchair n.扶手椅
41. I appreciate being invited to your home.
42. We could do nothing but wait till he came back.
43. Alice,~~because Alice~~ not knowing where to find the book, asked her mother where he book was.
44. The commercial center to be built will be the most magnificent one in the city.
	- commercial adj.商业的
	- center n.中心
	- magnificent adj.华丽的；高尚的；宏伟的
45. Our aim is to make the electricity serve the people between.
	- electricity n.电；电流；电学；热情；电力供应
	- serve v.服务
	- aim n.目标
46. Though normally I can walk for miles without taking any rest, I found today's walk to the zoo very tiring.
	- miles n.英里
	- normally adv.正常地
47. Frank had worked for three years to be a technician, but found his progress unsatisfactory and discouraging.
	- technician n.技师
	- unsatisfactory adj.令人不满意的
	- discouraging adj.令人气馁的
48. I would recommend always buying a good quality car rather than a cheap one.
	- quality n.质量
	- cheap adj.便宜的
49. She pretended to be indifferent but her facial expression betrayed her.
	- pretend v.假装
	- indifferent adj.漠不关心的
	- facial adj.脸的
	- betray v.出卖
50. He insisted on his name being written in full.
	- insisted n.坚持
51. All I can do now is nothing but wait
52. The Bunsen Burner is so named because it is thought to have been invented by Robert Bunsen.
53. Given the opportunity, everyone of us will be a success.
	- opportunity n.机会
54. When I was young, I wasn't used to being criticized when I made some mistakes. (2018 专升本46)
	- criticize v.批评
	- mistake n.错误
55. Don't stand there doing nothing.
56. Compared with LeiFeng, we still have a long way to go.
57. If Jackie is as sick as you say, she had better see a doctor as soon as possible.
	- sick adj.生病的
58. With a great weight taken off my mind, I turned into a by-stander.
	- take off 卸下
	- by-stander 旁观者
	- 在卸下巨大的思想包袱的之后
59. With prices fluctuating so much, it's hard for the company to plan a budget.
	- A. fluctuating B. waving C. swinging D. vibrating
	- prices n.价格
	- fluctuate v.波动
	- wave v.波浪
	- swing v.摇摆
	- vibrate v.振动
60.If ~~you are~~ accepted for the job, you will be informed soon.