# 完形填空

## 第一篇

well, soft(软), ~~second~~,~~better~~, ~~may~~, ~~strongly~~, ~~afraid~~, ~~sand(沙子)~~, ~~stay up(屹立不倒；熬夜)~~, if, ~~now~~, ~~house~~

We can＇t stop an earthquake(地震),but we can do things to make sure they don't destroy(毁坏) whole cities.First, it is not a __good__ idea to build houses along lines where __two__ of the earth’s plates(n.板块) join(链接) together. Second, if you think there __may__ be an earthquake, it is better to build houses on rocks(岩石), not on/rather than __sand__.Third, you must make the houses as __strong__ as possible.Weak(adj.虚弱的；软弱的) buildings will collapse(fall down) in an earthquake, but strong ones may __stay up__ .Scientists are __afraid__ that one day an even bigger earthquake will hit the part around San Francisco(旧金山). They call it“The Big One ”.However, people today are still building more __houses__ .The [population](#population) in and around San Francisco is __now__ ten times more than it was in 1906.This means that __if__ there is another earthquake, a great many houses and buildings will be destroyed.


## 第二篇

forget, ~~bring~~, ~~mend(维修)~~, beside, luck, pick, same, differently, I, every, stop, each

Mr.Brown had an umbrella shop in a small town. People sometimes **brought** him broken umbrellas, and then he took them to a big shop in London. They were **mended** there. One day Mr.Brown went to London by train. He **forgot** to take an umbrella with him that day. Sitting in front of him was a man with an umbrella standing **beside** the seat. When the train arrived in London, Mr.Brown **picked** up the umbrella as he often did during his journey by train. Just as he was getting off, he was **stopped** by the man. He said angrily, "That's **mine** !"Mr. Brown's face turned red and he gave it back to the man at once.When Mr Brown got to the big shop, the shopkeeper had got his six umbrellas ready. After a good look at **each** of them, he said, "You've mended them very well."In the afternoon he got into the train again. The **same** man was in the same seat. He looked at Mr.Brown and his six umbrellas, "You've had a **lucky** day,"he said.


## 第四篇

telephone, ~~for~~, ~~lose~~, ~~so~~, strong, clever, ~~somebody~~, good, happy, ~~outside~~, everybody, at 

Mrs Andrews had a young cat, and it was the cat＇s first winter. One evening it was **outside** when it began to snow heavily. Mrs Andrews looked **for** it everywhere and shouted(v.呼喊) it's name, but she did not find it, **So** she telephoned the police and said, "I have **lost** a small black cat. Has **anybody** found one?" "No, madam," said the policeman at the other end, But cats are really very **strong** animals. They sometimes live for days in the snow, and when it melts(v.融化) or somebody finds them, they are quite **well**” Mrs Andrews felt **happier** when she heard this. ＂And , she said, Our cat is very **clever**. She almost talks.The policeman was getting tired, ＂Well then, he said Why don＇t you put your **telephone** down？ Maybe she is trying to telephone you now.

答案：1.outside 2.for 3.so 4.lost 5. anybody 6.strong 7. well 8. happier 9. clever 10. telephone

## 第五篇

（5）tell, hear, listen to, guard, drum, much, fly, army with, other, way, instruction

Here are some old ways to sending messages.An Egyptian（埃及人） put his ear to the ground. He **heard** the horses coming this way. He ran to **tell** his people. He was a **guard** .That was one way for Egyptians to send messages.People in **other** countries sent message,too. When enemies came, one man beat his drum. In the next village people heard the drum and beat their drums. too. The messages went from village to village by beating **drums(n.鼓)**. 
Much **more** some [[#armies]](n.军队) kept many [[#pigeons]](n.鸽子). These pigeons always **flew** back. When a soldier was sent far away from his own **army**.he might take a pigeon along.He could tie a message to the bird＇s leg. It would fly back **with**.the soldier＇s message.These are shown ways to send messages. Can you think of more **ways**.？

答案：1.heard 2. tell 3. guard(n.警卫) 4. other 5. drum 6. more 7. flew 8. army 9. with 10.ways

## 第六篇

（6）
~~before~~, discover, ~~fast~~, in, ~~come~~, ~~watch~~, ~~so~~, fastly, it, ~~ago~~, shine, not can

Light travels at a speed（速度）|| which is about a million times **faster** than that of sound. **In** one second, light travels about 300,000 kilometers, but sound travels only 340 meters. You can get some idea (of this difference) (by **watching** the start (of a running match)). If you stand far away from the starter（发令员）, you can see smoke **come** from his gun || **before** the sound reaches your ears.The fast speed of light produces some strange facts.The nearest star is **so** far away that light ||(which you can see from it tonight) started to travel to you four years **ago** at a speed of nearly two million kilometers every minute. The light from some of tonight's started on **its** journey towards you even before you were born.
So, if we want to be honest（诚实）, we **not can** say "The stars are shining brightly tonight.We have to say, The stars look nice. They were **shining** four years ago || but their light has just reached our earth."


答案：1.faster 2.In 3.watching 4.come 5.before 6.so 7. ago 8.its 9.cannot 10.shining